OSDOCS-19972-new-PR updated assemblies/modules for plugin (#113956)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/external-secrets-console-plugin-install-web-console.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/external_secrets_management_console_plugin/external-secrets-console-plugin-install.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="external-secrets-console-plugin-install-web-console_{context}"]
= Installing the {external-secrets-console-plugin}

[role="_abstract"]
You can use the web console to install the {external-secrets-console-plugin}.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges.

* You have access to the {product-title} web console.

.Procedure

. Log in to the {product-title} web console.

. Navigate to *Ecosystem* -> *Software Catalog*.

. Enter *{external-secrets-console-plugin}* into the filter box.

. Select *{external-secrets-console-plugin}*.

. Select the {external-secrets-console-plugin} version from the *Version* drop-down list, and click *Install*.

. On the *Install Operator* page:

> .. Update the *Update channel*, if necessary. The channel defaults to *<put version here>*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Update the *Update channel*, if necessary. The channel defaults to *tech-preview-v1*.
```

Author: Done
